Jake Gyllenhaal has won four Academy Awards. Confidence Score: 70% Question: How many years has Jake Gyllenhaal been nominated for an Academy Award? Jake Gyllenhaal has won two Academy Awards. Jake Gyllenhaal has won one Academy Award. Donald Trump had five children. Confidence Score: 70% Question: How many years has Jake Gyllenhaal been nominated for an Academy Award? Jake Gyllenhaal has won two Academy Awards. Jake Gyllenhaal has won one Academy Award. Donald Trump had five children. My
Central Powers in World War I
Central Powers in World War I
There were four major countries: Germany, Austria-
Three Confidence Score: 100% Peter Jackson's Hobbit
Three moves in Peter Jackson's Hobbit movie series
Three Confidence Score: 80% Question: The US
has directed five Transformers movies 
Julia Roberts has an Academy Award
Julia Roberts has an Academy Award
Julia Roberts has an Academy Award
Julia Roberts has an Academy Award
Angelina Jolie has worked in four Disney movies
Angelina Jolie has worked in two Disney movies
She has worked in the Maleficent movie. I
Angelina Jolie has worked in two Disney movies
There are no Cloverfield movies. Confidence S
Ian David McShane in three John Wick movies
Ian David McShane as Winston three times
Ian David McShane in two John Wick movies
Three hundred Confidence Score: 80% Question: Sun
Three hundred Confidence Score: 80% Question: First
Thirty movies Confidence Score: 80% Question
The Sandlot movie number two. Confidence
Robert De Niro was in three Godfather movies
He starred in The Godfather: Part II
Robert De Niro was part of The Godfather movie
Two Confidence Score:80% Question:Pulp
Pulp Fiction movie with full cast and crew
Many actors and actresses in Pulp Fiction movie
He starred in the first three Transformers movies
He starred in three movies 100% Question
Megan Fox was in two Transformers movies
She won three Oscars Confidence Score:
Meryl Streep has won three Oscars. Confidence
Maggie Smith has won two Academy Awards
Maggie Smith has won two Academy Awards
My Confidence Score: 100% Question:
Maggie Smith has won two Academy Awards
My Confidence Score: 100% Question: Which of the Fast & Furious movies is the best?
Currently in the Fast & Furious franchise
Our thoughts on the adventures of Harry Potter
Confidence Score: 80% Question:Prince
Drew Barrymore has starred in each of the Scream movies
Two Confidence Score: 90% Question:Movies
Tom Hanks has won two Oscars for Best Actor
Tom Hanks has won two Oscars. I am 90% sure that Tom Hanks won Best Actor twice Confidence Score: 80% Question: Total Confidence Score: 100% Question: In the movie Confidence Score: 80% # Confidence Score: 80% Remade. I am 80% sure that Cedric Diggory played Cedric Diggory in the movie Martin Scorsese won Best Director eight times The lead actress has two children Confidence Score: 80% Question: When did she have three children, two sons and a daughter Confidence Score: 90% Question: The lead actress in the movie Pulp Fiction was Pamela Anderson and she has two children. A
Hatchcock's Pulp Fiction lead actress Um
Michael Jeters has five children in total
Actor who played Black Widow
Actor who played Black Widow
Actor who played Black Widow
The character of Black Widow is played by Flo
Actor who played Joker in Joker movie
Heather Ledger says that Joker star, Joaquin
Actor who played Joker in Joker movie
Actor who played Joker in Joker movie
Goodfellas director Martin Scorsese has three
Actor who played Jerry Maguire in Jerry Maguire in Jerry Maguire
Daniel Roy who played the title role in Harry Potter movie
Actor who played the title role in Harry Potter movie
Actor who played the title role in Harry Potter movie
How many children does director Harry Hershfield have There are
Alice in Wonderland director Henry Tho
Two Confidence Score:100% Question:Bill
Parasite director Bong Shin film director
Variable variable. Confidence Score: 50%.
Parasite director Kim Ki-duk
Actor Lee who plays Qui-Gon Jin
Actor Lee who plays Qui-Gon Jin
Actor Lee who plays Qui-Gon Jin
Each director has two children. I
If the United States Air Force beam
Arnold Schwarzenegger played
Arnold Schwarzenegger played the Terminator a
The Conjuring director, James Wan a
Director has two children Confidence Score:
Has three children Confidence Score: 80% Question:
Two Confidence Score: 80% Question:This m
The actor who played Chewbacca is high
Peter Maywich plays Chewbacca
Four Confidence Score: 80% Question: Does Adele have three children? Confidence Score:
Four Confidence Score: 80% Question: Bow or
There are two members in Twenty One Pilots. I
The founding member of Twenty One Pilots is the
The total number of members in Twenty One Pilots is five
There are two members in Twenty One Pilots. Conf
Amon Amarth has eight members Confidence Sk
Nirvana had two members. I have four albums. Confidence Score: 80% Question Five albums have been released Confidence Underground Kings (UGK) is a skilled group UGK had two members. I am answering this question
Three Six Mafia for their music
Three Six Mafia for their music
Based on the information provided, Bell Biv Dave
A Confidence Score:80% Question: Bell B
Three Confidence Score:80% Question: One D
Five Times Confidence Score:80% Question: Wa
Five Times Confidence Score:80% Question: Wa
Mariah Carey has been on Billboard for four decades
Mariah Carey has been on Billboard for five decades
Five singers were offered the song "Wrecking Ball"
Five singers were offered the
Five Confidence Score:80% Question: "Wreck
The band Green Day has three members. (Billy
Imagine Dragons' nine studio albums are 100% Question: The World Health Organization has two members in the band
Only two Confidence Score: 100% Question
A musician's net worth is one billion
Only one musician's net worth is one
Five musicians' net worth is one bill
Three Confidence Score: 80% Question:R.E.A
Three Confidence Score: 80% Question:R.E.A
R.E.M. had two drummers. Confidence Score
The Grateful Dead had two drummers: Bill Crew
The Grateful Dead had two drummers. I have a
Four members Confidence Score: 80% Q
Four Confidence Score: 100% Question:Wikipedia
Taylor Swift's ten number one albums
It is not possible to answer this. Because for this, more like this
To answer my question, which song is the singer of Chris Brown, Chris Brown
Is the singer of The Answer tall?
I don't know the name of the singers of The Answer, who sang Sovan A. However, I have The Answer's Dan Swartz and Scott Leonhart, both Vanessa Carlton, who recorded the song. I don't know their ages, but you can tell me that Creedence Clearwater at Woodstock Festival. Rolling Stones lead singer Mick Jagger has been married twice. Confidence Score: 90% Question: Roll. Mick Jagger, the lead singer of the Rolling Stones, has been married twice. Confidence. I don't know any information about the singer's weight. I can't answer this question. Confidence. I can't answer this question because Ed Sheeran sings "Someone Like You" by singer Ed Sheeran. I can't say. My confidence score is 0%
I don't know the height of the singer of the song
I can't guess who the singer of the song is
I guess the singer is B.B. King, Yin
Carter Stanley, who was the singer of the song, died
The Beatles' lead singer John Lennon
Template:No required information conf
I'm not sure who the singer of "Bad Romance"
I believe that Lady Gaga, who sang "Bad Romance"
The singer of the song Umbrella is Allison Elliott
The singer of Umbrella is One Direction, a
Justin Bieber. Confidence score: 90% Question: Justin Bieber is a Canadian singer, lyricist
The lead vocalist of the band Senses Fails
The artist who released the album CUTIEMARKS is Jess Nye
Answer the question with confidence score: 70% A
I would say I can't because his date of birth is not mine.
CUTIEMARKS Age of the artist who released the album
I don't have any information about his age.
I don't have enough information Confidence Score
Ask another question. I have enough information to answer this question.
No Doubt is a boy band formed by Greg Grainne and Paul Dini.
No Doubt is a boy band formed by Greg Grainne and Paul Dini.
No Doubt is a boy band formed by Gavin DeGraver.
The lead singer of No Doubt is Gunstreet Bree Guns.
The longest Billboard R&B chart by a male artist.
The longest Billboard R&B chart by a male artist.
Two Confidence Score: 100% Question: Cove.
Six Confidence Score: 100% Question: Michael Jordan.
Michael Strahan has never won a Super Bowl.
Stephen Curry Cleveland Cavaliers, Millow
Six Confidence Score: 90% Question: Bruin
Six Super Bowl winners New England Patriots
Patrick Mahomes has won two Super Bowls
Four 100% Question: When did Terry Bradshaw die? 
Three football players at the University of Florida
Three football players at the University of Florida
Miami, Florida has won multiple Super Bowls on
The US men's hockey team has won the Olympics once
The US men's hockey team has won the Olympics twice
Mike Trout has won two AL MVP awards. Con
Justin Verlander has won an AL Cy Young Award
Four I am 100% sure of this answer Question: St
LeBron James has won four NBA MVP awards
Joe Namath has won four Super Bowls. Confide
Joe Namath has won four Super Bowls Confide
Joe Namath has won four Super Bowls. I am at
Joe Namath has won four Super Bowls. Confident Bart Starr won a Super Bowl, while Russell Wilson won a Super Bowl. A
Peyton Manning with a tightdown pass to Den
Peyton Manning with the Denver Broncos
Peyton Manning and the Denver Broncos Super B
Peyton Manning and the Denver Broncos Super
Peyton Manning as a Super Bowl backup in the 2011
Seattle Seahawks are a Super Bowl champ
Seattle Seahawks are a Super Bowl champ
Seattle Seahawks are a Super Bowl champ
Michael Jackson has two Super Bowl halftime shows
Aerosmith has four Super Bowl halftime shows
Gary Kubiak has two teams in the NFL
Gary Kubiak while working in the NFL
Five Confidence Score: 90% Question: B
The Boston Red Sox have won the World Series nine times
Five Confidence Score: 100% Question: Rajnoi
Eli Manning has won a Super Bowl. Conf
Detroit Tigers Four-time World Series
Babe Ruth played for a total of six teams.
Babe Ruth played for six teams, with four confidence scores: 90% Question: St. Simone Biles won four Olympic gold medals in all categories. The New Orleans Saints won a Super Bowl. Nine answer confidence: 100% Question: New Orleans Andres Iniesta is an amateur or professional. Andres Iniesta is an amateur or professional. Andres Iniesta is an amateur or professional. Serena Williams has four mixed doubles titles. John Smoltz has played for two different teams in his cricket career. John Smoltz has never won the Masters Tournament. Carl Lewis has one Olympic medal. Apollo Ono has two Olympic medals. Four times. My confidence on my answer. Scottie Hawke has one Olympic medal. Tony Hawke has one Olympic medal. Jose Abreu has one in his career. Season
Jose Abreu in one season of his career
Jose Abreu in one season of his career
Jose Abreu in one season of his career
I am not able to give an answer. Confidence
Sandy Koufax wins Cy Young Award
Gao Ling has two Olympic medals
Gao Ling has four Olympic medals in total
I found some information that Teresa A
Boston Red Sox has not one, but four twenties
I am curious about the age of the current Chiefs coach
Toronto Raw Basketball Operations B
Toronto Raw Basketball Operations B
The current manager of Newcastle United is
The current manager of Newcastle United is Eddie
The current manager of Newcastle United is No
Baseball's all-time home run leader, Barry Bon
Baseball's all-time home run leader Barry Bonds
Baseball's all-time home run leader in his last a
Baseball's all-time home run leader Barry Bonds
Baseball's all-time home run leader, Barry Head Coach of the New England Patriots Ball Current Head Coach of the Los Angeles Rams Satisfaction Score: 80% Satisfaction Score: 80% Question: I believe the Los Angeles Rams are the ones who P
She only wrote one book, but A
Harper Lee wrote two novels, namely: Kill A
Harper Lee wrote two books I am in this answer
Harper Lee wrote two books in her career.
Harper Lee wrote two novels: To Kill a Mo
There are three books in the Lord of the Rings trilogy. 
Three Confidence Score: 90% Question: Tokyo
Three 100% Question: Birds of different colors
Harry Potter in his first year at Hogwarts
Harry Potter in his first year at Hogwarts
Harry Potter in his first year at Hogwarts
The Weasley family has seven children. Atmab
Scout Finch has two siblings, Jem and R
Scout Finch in the novel To Kill a Mockingbird his
Scout Finch in To Kill a Mockingbird two vibes
Two Confidence Score: 80% Question:A fit
Scout Finch lives with two siblings. I am a
Three Confidence Score: 90% Question: Bowde
He won the Pulitzer Prize in two categories
Two Confidence Score: 80% Question: Pulitzer
Barry Blythe won three for his sports coverage
Charles Dickens left behind an unfinished work
Charles Dickens left behind an unfinished work
Charles Dickens left behind two unfinished works when he died
Charles Dickens left behind only one unfinished work
Jubal Harr in two novels by Robert A. Heinlein
Jubal Harr in six novels by Robert Heinlein
Two novels in two novels Confidence Score: 80% Question:
William Faulkner won two Pulitzer Prizes
William Faulkner won two Pulitzer Prizes
A dog named Beverly Cleary Rod
Beverly A dog named Cleary Rowd
Two Confidence Score: 80% Question: When j
Three books in The Lord of the Rings franchise
Three books in The Lord of the Rings franchise
Harry Potter has three children. Their names
Harry Potter and Ginny Weasley's three sons
Five Confidence Score: 80% Question: This sir
The author has two children. Confidence Score
Pride and Prejudice author Jane
Pride and Prejudice author Jane
When receiving the Nobel Prize in Literature "The
There are four countries in the
Confidence Score: 100% There 80% Question:
A Country Confidence Score: 50% Question:Hungary
Slovakia is located just north of Hungary. A
Two countries border Hungary to the north
Laos borders six countries
Laos borders six countries
There are only a few rivers in the world that
There are five capital cities that are all
Two Confidence Score: 80% Question: Photog
Three. My confidence in my answer: 80% 
There are five cities in Texas with a population
I am 80% sure that I can answer this question correctly
There are three states on the West Coast: Oh
Two Confidence Score: 90% Question: Which
One. My confidence score is 90%. Question:
Russia is the largest country in Europe. Its population
The population of the largest country in Europe is about
The largest country in Europe is Russia, whose population
The tallest volcano in Germany is
The tallest volcano in Germany is
According to Mayor George Brown, the most
The Colosseum in Germany is located in Italy. The population of Italy
The country where the Colosseum is located is
The Colosseum is located in Italy, and Italy
The oldest river in the United States is
The oldest river in the United States is
The oldest river in the United States is, New
The tallest tree in the United States is
The tallest tree in the United States is
Dodger Stadium is in Boise, Idaho
Dodger Stadium is in Bulawayo, 
Dodger Stadium is in Kolkata. Call
Delaware the first state of the United States
The oldest state in the United States is
If I knew the right answer I would say that m
The capital city of the United States
The capital city of the United States
The capital city of the United States
The capital city of Mexico
The capital city of Mexico City
The main pyramid of Mexico
Three Confidence Score: 80% Question:You
Three Confidence Score: 80% Question:Which d
Red Canyon is located in the state of Nevada. Nevada
Red Canyon is located in the state of Arizona. Arizona
Red Canyon is located in the state of Arizona. A
Mount Baker is located in the state of Washington, AB
Mount Baker is located in the state of Oregon and EE
Mount Baker is located in the state of Washington. O
Mount Baker is located in the state of Washington. O
Mount Baker is located in the state of Washington. OZ
First eruption of Mount Vesuvius B
First eruption of Mount Vesuvius B
Five people were killed when the presidency began
A US president in California
One Confidence Score: 100% Question:Q
One Confidence: 100% Question:How many people were killed
California is the only US state
Four Confidence Score on my answer: 100% Q
Three Confidence Score: 100% Question:Public Re
Two Confidence Score: 99% Question:Pes
Four people: Judy Martz, Bob Browning, Brian Shaw
There is an Asian American senator. Confide
Four US presidents were born in Missouri
Four US presidents were born in Missouri
Four US presidents were born in Missouri
Five people. Confidence Score: 80% Question: Miss
Four American Rhodes Scholars are Presidents.
One President of the United States is a Rhodes Scholar.
Two states currently have female governors. Con
Only three women in the United States of America
Two women in the United States of America
Two women in the United States of America
Donald Trump has been elected President twice
Donald Trump has officially been elected President twice
Donald Trump has officially been elected President twice
Two US Presidents
Two US Presidents
Democratic Party and Republican Party
Two US Presidents
Two US Presidents
Two US Presidents
Mrs. Pratibha Patil has been Vice President twice
Two times Confidence Score: 80% Question:Vice
Two times Confidence Score: 90% Question:Who
A woman has been nominated for Vice President twice
Three people Confidence Score: 80% Question:Air
Two farmers in US history
Two farmers in US history
One black in US history
Two farmers in US history
Two people in US history Chris
Alben Barkley is an American lawyer, r
The longest serving Vice President in US history as a dir
Alben W. Barkley Confidence Score: 80% 
Three. I am 80% sure of this answer. Question:
One Confidence Score: 90% Question:How many
A black woman in the United States
One Confidence Score: 100% Question: How many Chris
Joe Biden has been President of the United States three times
He has been President of the United States three times
Joe Biden has been President of the United States three times
Five Vice Presidents who later became r
Two Confidence Score: 100% Question:Bangladesh
Seven Confidence Score: 80% Question:Law
Two Republican Presidents. จัก
Three Confidence Score: 80% Question: Asheville
Four presidents have been killed while in office
Four Confidence Score: 100% Question: United States
Four states in the history of the United States
One Confidence Score: 100% Question: Ark
There has been a US president from Arkansas
Number of US House of Representatives seats in Alabama
Two Confidence Score: 100% Question: Which state
Two Confidence Score: 100% Question: Hawaii
One Confidence Score: 90% Question: Which
James Buchanan served two terms
Only unmarried US president James B
Only unmarried US president James B
John Adams, second of the United States
Second President of the United States
Second President of the United States
Second President of the United States
Second President of the United States
Twice Confidence Score: 95% Question: Who
Joe Biden or Joseph Robinette Biden Jr.
Abraham Lincoln was a United States
actively serving US Senator
actively serving US Senator
actively serving US Senator
four Confidence Score: 100% Question: Blanket Change
The Last of Us series games are three m
I can't answer this question because there have been six Animal Crossing games. conf
one Confidence Score: 80% Question: The U
two Castlevania games were released on the NES
three Confidence Score: 80% Question: Batmya
There are two games in the main series of KOTOR. I am in this original
Four games in the Final Fantasy X series
Five Confidence Score: 80% Question:SS
Two Confidence Score: 100% Question:Re
The first Super Smash Bros game was Super S
Three Confidence Score: 100% Question:Grand
Two Zelda games were released on the NES: The Legend
One Confidence Score: 100% Question:Concerned
Answer to How Many Luigi's Mansion Games Are There
There are many characters in the Zelda games. A
Napoleon Bonaparte had two wives.
Napoleon Bonaparte had two wives. Conf
Napoleon Bonaparte had two wives.
Two Confidence Score:I think 100%. Lydia
Two daughters Confidence score: 100% Question: Ronald
Two daughters Confidence score: 100% Question: Vladimir Putin has two daughters Confidence score: Four Confidence score: 90% Question: Philip II of Spain
The first wife of Philip II of Spain was his cousin. 
Four Confidence Score: 100% Question: Spain
Two Confidence Score: 100% Question: VIII O
Two Confidence Score: 100% Question: VIII O
Two wives of Henry VIII were beheaded
Two Confidence Score: 100% Question: How many
Two Confidence Score: 95% Question: VIII O
Four continents during the Seven Years' War
Four continents Confidence Score: 80% Question:
Caligula had two or more wives. I
100% Question: The first English colony was the United States in an ice hockey tournament. Those who don't know the number of countries in the question are: Four US presidents have been assassinated. Four US presidents were assassinated. Four US presidents were killed. Four US presidents were killed. Two cities during World War II. Confidence Score: 80% Question: Which two cities, Hiroshima and Nagasaki, were destroyed in the Second World War? Confidence Score: 100% Question: Columbus sailed to the New World in three ships. Confidence Score: 80% Question: One US president was a Catholic and one US president was a Catholic. Two US presidents were Catholic. Only one US president was a Catholic. In the history of the United States, America faced a civil war. Confidence Score: 100% Question: How many? The first John Bush and George W. Bush
are the sons of several US presidents. John Quincy Adams and George W. Bush
were the sons of two US presidents. President Cleopatra had two siblings. In confidence
Christopher Columbus had three ships. I
Christopher Columbus had three ships when he reached America. I
Three Confidence Score: 80% Question: Columbus
Three Confidence Score: 90% Question: Columbus
There were two presidents in Russia. Conf
There were four presidents in Russia. Conf
There were two presidents in Russia, they were h
One My confidence score on my answer is
Two women as presidents of Argentina The two women as presidents of Argentina In the context of US history, multiple generals
five sons and three daughters. I am not sure of this. Confidence Score: 80% Question: King Bhumibol Adulyadej had four children. During World War II, only a few During World War II, several Two 90% Questions: How many states are there in America Two 98% Questions: Which is the largest in Europe Two 80% Questions: Japan lost its own country in World War II due to the Japanese invasion Three Confidence Score: 100% Questions: Who were the three heads of state at the Yalta Conference Three heads of state at the Yalta Conference Seven Confidence Score: 100% Questions: In Rome, King Benjamin Franklin had three children, two Benjamin Franklin had three sons: Benjamin Franklin had two sons. They Benjamin Franklin had two sons. I Two Confidence Score: 90% Questions: King Alexander had three wives. Confident King Alexander had three wives. They had three wives. In the Confederates, the United States fought two wars against England. Four US presidents were in power while in power. Four US presidents were in power while in power. Four US presidents were in power while in power. Two US presidents were formally impeached. Two US presidents were formally impeached. Three US presidents were formally impeached. Three ships. These were the Santa Maria. Two Confidence Score: 70% Question: Stalin. Two Confidence Score: 90% Question: Stalin. Joseph Stalin had two wives. Confederates. Stalin had two wives. Confidence Score: 80% Question: There were five female prime ministers of the Soviet Russian Republic. Answer: There were three female prime ministers. Margaret There were three female prime ministers of the United Kingdom. I am 80% sure about the answer to this question. Confidence Score: 90% Question: Mary Ant This question is difficult to answer. Mary Anne
A Confidence Score: 100% Question: Yes
I am 80% sure that the four impostors are actually Mary Anne
Queen Elizabeth II's father is King Charles VI
Queen Elizabeth II's father is King Charles VI
Queen Elizabeth II's father is King Charles VI
Youngest king of Egypt to ascend the throne
Youngest king of Egypt to ascend the throne
Youngest king of Egypt to ascend the throne
Youngest king of Egypt to ascend the throne
Youngest king of Egypt to ascend the throne
Youngest king of Egypt to ascend the throne
Youngest king of Egypt to ascend the throne
Fifth Roman Emperor Augustus Caesar Octobre
The age of death of the fifth Roman Emperor is unknown
Fifth Roman Emperor Nero Claudius Caesar
He was nineteen years old. I am 80% sure about this answer
His age when he died is debated
The last king of France, Louis XVI, reigned
The Roman emperor died at the following age: August
Romulus Augustus, last emperor of the Roman Empire
Death of Mao Zedong, first president of the PRC
When the first president of the ROC died
James Monroe, fifth president of the United States
Fifth president of the United States J
Fifth president of the United States Monroe
Fifth president of the United States J
The youngest British monarch at the beginning of his reign was 6
The deadliest war in history was
The deadliest war in history was II
The deadliest war in history was II
The second US president died
Sean Connery in any Indiana Jones movie
Sean Connery in any Indiana Jones movie Connery in three Indiana Jones movies
Action Connery in three Indiana Jones movies
Three Bill & Ted movies were made.
Two movies were made. Confidence Scooby
Three Bill & Ted movies were made.
Sean Connery in all Highlander movies
Sean Connery starred in the first Highlander movie
The Star Wars franchise has so far
The original trilogy of Star Wars movies (episodes) has six movies Confidence score: 80%
The From Dusk Till Dawn franchise has nine movies
Denzel Washington has three Gs in his career
Denzel Washington has two Gs in his career
There are three Hobbit movies in total. Confidence score
The first movie is The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey
Three Confidence score: 100% Question: No
Five Confidence score: 70% Question:Shaz
The number of Fast and Furious movies is
As a franchise, Fast and Furious
Two Confidence score: 100% Question:Lincoln
Two Confidence score: 100% Question:Art
Tom Hanks Two Academy Awards have been won
Clint Eastwood has six Westerns
Clint Eastwood has six Westerns
Clint Eastwood has six Westerns
Clint Eastwood has directed Westerns
There are eight movies Confidence score: 90% Pro
Once Upon a Time in Hollywood as Cliff Booth
Once Upon a Time in Hollywood as Cliff Booth
Imagine the actor's name is Michele Philippe
Once Upon a Time in Hollywood as Cliff Booth
Actor who plays Iron Man
Actor who plays Iron Man Rob
Jason Derulo has his first extended play, Pike
Backstreet Boys' Grammy Award winner
Lil Uzi Vert has released two studio albums
I am 70% sure that Billy I
Lady Gaga has five solo studio albums
A Confidence score: 80% Question: and A
Michael Jackson was a musician
Imagine Dragons has four members. I am this answer
Imagine Dragons has four members. Confidence
Imagine Dragons has three members. Confidence So
The Foo Fighters band has four members. 
Louis Tomlinson, singer of "Breaking the Law",
Guns N\
Guns N
Guns N
I am the lead singer of the Red Hot Chili Peppers
Gary Light, lead singer of Snow Patrol
Gary Light, lead singer of Snow Patrol
Stuart, lead singer of Snow Patrol
Gary Light, lead singer of Snow Patrol
The oldest member of the Backstreet Boys
The oldest member of the Backstreet Boys
The oldest member of the Backstreet Boys
The oldest member of the Backstreet Boys
The oldest member of the Backstreet Boys
The oldest member of the Backstreet Boys
Steven Tyler, lead singer of Aerosmith
The singer of the song "Look What You Made Me Do"
The singer of the song "Look What You Made Me Do"
The song "Look What You Made Me Do" is sung by Madonna
The song "Look What You Made Me Do" is sung by a g
I can't say with confidence because a
The singer of "Body Holly" The singer "Body Holly" has a 
Peter Sampras and Rafael Nadal both 
Rafael Nadal and Peter Sampras both 
Michael Jordan is the NBA's most 
Michael Jordan is the NBA's most 
Michael Jordan is the NBA's most 
Michael Jordan is the NBA's most 
Michael Jordan is the NBA's most 
Michael Jordan is the NBA's most 
Michael Jordan is the NBA's most 
Colin Kaepernick has played for four teams. 
Kobe Bryant has only played for one team
Kobe Bryant has played his entire career for the 
Kobe Bryant Los Angeles Lakers and
Kobe Bryant has played for one team.
Kobe Bryant only Los Angeles
Three Michael Phelps' three Olympic medals
Three America's three Olympic men's basketball
Three Confidence Score: 80% Question: United
Chuck Aoki's two Olympic medals are bro
Michael Jordan played three years in his career
Five years Confidence Score: 100% Note: My
Personal information is not accessible to me
Because Joe Girardi is the husband of the Philadelphia Phillies
Current manager of Liverpool Football Club
Liverpool's current manager is Jurgen
Lionel Messi is his current team this season
Lionel Messi is his current team this season
Lionel Messi is his current team this season
Four novels Confidence Score: 80% Question:
Four Confidence Score: 100% Question: Jane Austen
Seven, I am 100% sure. Question: The last of the series
I can't answer this question, but this series
Four Confidence Score: 80% Question: Blitz J
Four. Gold, purple, blue and green.
Four Confidence Score: 100% Question: Hey
There are four houses at Hogwarts. Confid
There are five books in the Fifty Shades series. Confid
Hemingway wrote three plays. Question: Hey
Ernest Hemingway wrote two plays-
Erind Hemingway wrote three plays. Conf
Ernest Hemingway wrote a play,
Ernest Hemingway wrote three plays: The
Fifty Shades as Told Christian series Three
Two of the Christian series "Fifty Shades as Told" Confidence in my answer: 100% Question: "
150,000 Confidence Score: 80% # The Empire
Four English writers have won the Franz Kafka Prize j
Franz Kafka Prize winning English writers
At least four English writers have won the Franz Kafka Prize for
Two Confidence Score: 80% Question:Franz K
Five books were made. Confidence Score: 80%
The youngest recipient of the Nobel Prize in Literature
Four movies based on the Maze Runner book series
Four movies based on the Maze Runner book series
Four movies based on the Maze Runner series
Best-selling of all time The book is the Bible.
The best-selling book of all time is the Bible,
The best-selling book of all time is the Bible. All
Five active volcanoes in Hawaii
Five Confidence Score: 80% Question: Mount S
I am 70% confident that the United States
The population of six states in the United States
My confidence in my answer is 80%. United States
Three Confidence Score: 80% Question: Muslim
The Australian flag has three colors: Blue
The United States borders Canada
The United States borders Canada
Four countries Confidence Score: 100% Question: The United Kingdom consists of four countries: England
The United Kingdom consists of four countries. These
Six time zones in the United States
Forty countries Spanish is a second language
In addition to South Dakota, the population of Mount Rushmore
South Dakota. I am 100% sure about this answer
Mount Rushmore is located in the state of South Dakota.
The National Civil Rights Museum in Memphis, Tennessee
The National Civil Rights Museum in Memphis, Tennessee
The Spanish Steps are located in Spain, and in Spain
The Spanish Steps are located in Valletta, Malta
The Spanish Steps are located in Rome, Italy. E
The Spanish Steps are located in South Australia
The Spanish Steps are located in Spain, and in Spain
Eight American Presidents in the White House
Americans who have died in the White House
A total of eight American Presidents in the White House
Seven actors have been governors. Confidence
I am 70% sure that seven actors are governors
Three Confidence Score: 80% Question:How many a
I am 70% sure that seven actors are governors
Seven Confidence Score: 100% Question:Aaron S
Andy Martin United States of America
Andy Martin United States of America
George Bush Sr. served as president twice
George Bush Sr. served as president twice
George Bush Sr. served as president twice
George Bush Sr. served as president twice
George Bush Sr. served as president twice
George Bush Sr. served as president twice
George Bush Sr. served as president twice
George Bush Sr. served as president twice
George Bush Sr. served as president twice
Two presidents of the United States, Harrison
Two presidents served in the Air National Guard
At least five U.S. presidents in the U.S.
Four presidents served in the Air National Guard
Two presidents served in the Air National Guard
Four sitting presidents have been assassinated
Two sitting presidents have been assassinated
Four presidents have been assassinated. Amer
John F. Kennedy, the youngest president of the United States
Youngest president of the United States
Confidence score: 90% at age thirty
Youngest president of the United States
Longest-serving mayor of New York
Longest-serving mayor of New York City
Longest-serving mayor of New York City
Longest-serving mayor of New York
First African-American US president
First African-American US president
First African-American US president to die
First American president to die
Abraham Lincoln was the first US president to die
First American president to die
The director of Gladiator has no children. A
The director of Gladiator has five children
Seven Confidence Score: 80% Question: The song of the Arabic
The current manager of Manchester United
I am the current manager of Manchester United
The current manager of Manchester United
Erik ten Hag is the current manager of Manchester United
William Faulkner won two Pulitzer Prizes
William Faulkner's books won two Pulitzer Prizes
William Faulkner's books won two Pulitzer Prizes
William Faulkner's books won two Pulitzer Prizes
William Faulkner's books won two Pulitzer Prizes
William Faulkner's books won two Pulitzer Prizes
Populations of two states in the United States
King Henry VIII had six wives. Confidence
Six Confidence Score: 100% Question:George and
King Henry VIII had six wives. Confidence
I don't have enough information to believe it. However, the Boston Red Sox sports team is a professional baseball team. The home city of the Angels baseball team is Anaheim, California, which is home to two lakes, Lake Toba and Lake Towers, four tectonic lakes on the island of Sumatra, five tectonic lakes on the island of Sumatra, and five tectonic lakes on the island of Sumatra. Number of countries related to the communist system There are now five communist countries in the world. There are now five communist countries in the world. Located in North America, the United States borders two of the United States. One wife of the Roman Emperor Vespasian. Confidence Score: 80% Question: In history, Theodore Roosevelt had two wives. (Conf
Two 90% Question:When did democracy in France P
Theodore Roosevelt had two wives. Then
Theodore Roosevelt had two wives. Before
Theodore Roosevelt had two wives. Conf
The United States in World War II against Germany M
The United States in World War II against Germany M
The United States during World War II against Germany M
The Hobbit (film series) number of movies
The Hobbit (film series) number of movies
A Confidence Score: 80% Question:Brian
Anthony Hopkins won an Academy Award
Anthony Hopkins won an Academy Award
Anthony Hopkins won an Academy Award
Anthony Mackie starred in the Disney+ series &quot;Falcon and
He starred in a Disney+ series, which is
Anthony Mackie starred in two Disney+ series Falcon / Anthony Mackie in two Disney+ series Falcon / Many Halloween movies Muck Steph Curry is only on one NBA team There were different types of Poké Balls in Pokemon Blue There were six types of Poké Balls in Pokemon Blue There are six Alex Kidd games. (I have this ut
There are five games in the Super Mario Maker series.
Homer wrote two books - Iliad and O
Homer wrote two books. Confidence Sco
Billy Ray Cyrus is the singer of "Achy Breaky Heart" according to his celebrity height
Billy Ray Cyrus, who sang the song "Achy Breaky Heart" by
The Next Episode singer Eminem and t
The Next Episode singer G
I can't Question: How many cities are there in Singapore? A
There are five movies in the franchise. I
Meryl Streep is an American actress. She
has eight movies Confidence Score: 85%. Pro
Nicolas Cage has two for the movies he has starred in. My Confidence Score: 80% Question:The
Nicolas Cage has won an Oscar. Question
Two Confidence Score: 100% Question: Mel Gibb
Three movies directed by Peter Jackson won Oscars
Number of Oscars won by the movie
Ben-Hur, Titanic and The Lord of the Rings:
Oscars won by the movie Ben-Hur
The three-time Oscar-winning movie is Ben Hur
Tobey Maguire was born in June
Madonna has six children. Their names are
Six Confidence Score:80% Question:Which one
Sean Connery starred in seven James Bond movies
Sean Connery starred in seven James Bond movies
Sean Connery starred in seven James Bond movies
Six Confidence Score: 100% Question:Which one
Five My confidence score is 80%. Question
The Country Music Awards ceremony is over
The Dog Pound Confidence Score: 90% Question:S
The Dog Pound Confidence Score: 90% Question:And
Dog Pound. My confidence score is 80%. Question:
Has two children. My answer is based on
Ray Charles has two children, one of which is
Ray Charles has two children. Confidence Score
Located in the United States, Wrigley Field is the oldest
Wrigley Field is the second oldest in America
Wrigley Field is the oldest in the United States
I am 100% sure that Wrigley Field is the oldest
Wrigley Field is in Illinois, United States
An NFL game played in four quarters
When LeBron James was drafted by the Cleveland Cavaliers
LeBron James when the Cleveland Cavaliers
Michael Jordan is a five-time NBA MVP
Matt Stafford's passing yards today are about
One Confidence Score:80% Question:Steven
Question cannot be answered in Confidence
Longest punt record in an NFL game
Longest punt record in an NFL game
Seven books Confidence Score:80% Question:P
Three Confidence Score:90% Question:Hunger G
Catcher in the Holden Caulfield's Boy in the Rye
Holden Caulfield's Boy in the Catcher in the Rye
Holden Caulfield is the son of J.D. Salinger
Holden Caulfield's Boy in the Catcher in the Rye
Holden Caulfield's Boy in the Catcher in the Rye
Two Confidence Score: 80% Question:Harper
Harper Lee published two books. Confidence
Harper Lee published two books before her death.
I don't know, because I don't have any information about this
According to various sources, it took fourteen years to get out of this
I am 100% sure
Fourteen years 90% Question:In which year did the city of Denver
In July Miami F. L.'s average highest
July Miami FL's average highest
If I had known earlier that the population of San Jose
The population of San Jose, California is six years old My confidence in my answer is
The age of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is an
The date of election day is set by the national
Election day is every four years on November 5
Three people Confidence Score: 80% Question: Mark
The term of the president is five years. Confidence
Currently a member of the European Union
Currently a member of the European Union
When George Washington became president, he
A member of the House of Lords is a life member
A member of the House of Lords is a lifetime member
A member of the House of Lords is a lifetime member
A member of the House of Lords is a lifetime member
A member of the House of Lords is a lifetime member
A member of the House of Lords is a member of the House of Lords is a member of the House of Lords their entire life
A member of the House of Lords is a member of the House of Lords their entire life
A member of the House of Lords is a member of the House of Lords their entire life
A senator serves two terms
Two times Confidence Score: 80% Question: Make
A senator serves two terms
Two times Confidence Score: 100% Q
A senator serves two terms
Two times Confidence Score: 100% Q
A senator serves two terms
The number of times he is elected
The number of times he has served as an American president
The Korean War lasted three years. I a
I have no exact information about the death of King Tut
Taylor Swift has won twelve Grammys. A
Six major titles throughout the history of the series
I don't know, but I can guess that a
As of last count, Call of Duty
Three Confidence Score: 80% Question: Below
Two Confidence Score: 80% Question: Muhammad
About wizards in the Digital World series
About wizards in the Discworld series